# SergiosBot: 
## containing the data used by PotBot: a CNNLSTM dynamic ensemble network to forecast bitcoin price. 

* investment_data.csv = contains the current amount of euro invested
* holding.csv = contains the current amount of euro not invested
* previous_prices.csv = contains the previous bitocin prices rescaled via MinMax scaler to the date 2021-03-04
* predicted_prices = contains the predicted hourly prices generated by the CNN-LSTM

Every hour the bot connects to Bitstamp and retrieves the current (closing) bitcoin/eur price and stores it to 
make a prediction using its ensemble CNN-LSTM. The prediction and other state variables are then fed to the bot itself which decides 
whether to withold the amount or keep the investment. 

## The Oracle

Sergiosbot's brain consists of two parts: 

* An ensemble of CNN-LSTM called "Oracles". Each net predicts the closing price of the next hour, and the prediction is made by averaging each contribution.
* A trading bot called PotBot. Potbot takes as inputs a series of parameters to decide whether to hold or sell. At this time its decision is made if the predicted price for the next hour is at least 2% different from the current. 

## To do

Version 2.0 of the bot will include a preliminary training of the oracles on the new data provided by the "previous_price" Series, thus increasing the ability of the bot in forecasting bitcoin price. To do so, a new file will be added to the current repository, called "Oracles", containing the .h5 files associated with each net. 
